 
why should i reflect ?
	i think the first reasion will be me trying to recall what i have learnt and trying to present my experience.
	It is proven that reflecting on ecperience helps u learn better and remember longer(thast what i think)
how did diff help me?
	if i were to find the difference manually.........i would probably quit mid way.because of diff u could say it reduced the time req from hrs to mins as it is very hard to remember where i had made mistake(the mistake was a typo in the 914th line).So u could say it is very helpful
how will having access to entire history of a file help me?
	the most obvious one will be the mistakes that i made in the newer file(broken things)
	maybe some method that i wanted to refer from old versions(roll back)
	when i want to shift to older versions
pros and cons of manual commit?
	
	pros:
		i think manual commit is the best option as u will be aware when u saved.(granaulity(scale/level of detail) is at commiters disposal)
	cons:
		i may commit it in an very inefficient way


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	maybe because we may forget to coommit the files that changed due to our update.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	git log:
		we can use git log to see the different versions and their small comments which tell the changes.
		we can also use it to find the ID of the version for performing operations such as git diff.
	git diff:
		we can use git diff to find the no. of lines added or removed in between versions
		we mainly use it to find the errors by comparing with the previous version.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
		i will be confident as i will always know i can always go back and do changes freely and i can find the bugs pretty easy........
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	obviusly the above features lol
